Add docc (#7)
PassiveLogic/differentiable-swift-examples: Sources/DifferentiableSwiftExamplesDocumentation/DifferentiableSwiftExamples.docc/Sharp edges in differentiable Swift.md

# Sharp edges in differentiable Swift

> Since the deprecation of Swift for TensorFlow Differentiable Swift has come an even longer way in terms of usability. Here is an overview of some of the sharp edges and workaround that are sometimes needed to make your code differentiable. Inspired by the original (and since out of date) [Swift for TensorFlow article](https://www.tensorflow.org/swift/tutorials/Swift_autodiff_sharp_edges)
> 
> 
> ## Overview
> 
> - Forward mode differentiation (`@differentiable(forward)` JVPs) is half-implemented.
> - Differentiation through `_modify` subscript accessors (like array subscript setters) isn't supported yet
> - Differentiation through `@_alwaysEmitIntoClient` tagged functions isn’t yet supported. The most common cases of these are in SIMD functions, like .sum().
> - We need to use differentiableReduce instead of differentiating through .reduce().
> - No support yet in the standard library for Dictionary differentiation.
> - for..in should be differentiable for collections, but currently isn’t.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an overview of some of the currently missing capabilities in differentiable Swift you may encounter when working with the feature. Inspired by the original [Swift for TensorFlow notebook](https://www.tensorflow.org/swift/tutorials/Swift_autodiff_sharp_edges), we intend for this to be an up-to-date and comprehensive list of common issues you may encounter when working with differentiable Swift.

## Overview

- Forward mode differentiation (`@differentiable(forward)` JVPs) is only partially implemented.
- Differentiation through `_modify` subscript accessors (like array subscript setters) isn't supported yet.
- Differentiation through `@_alwaysEmitIntoClient` tagged functions isn’t yet supported. The most common cases of these are in SIMD functions, like `.sum()`.
- `map()` and `reduce()` cannot be differentiated through directly, instead there are special functions for `differentiableMap()` and `differentiableReduce()`.
- No support yet in the standard library for Dictionary differentiation.
- `for..in` for collections currently requires `withoutDerivative(at:)` to be used for what you're looping over.
```
